[MUSIC - SAHAJA SONG - Maharashtra Desha]
[MUSIC - SAHAJA SONG - Maharashtra Desha ]
[MUSIC - SAHAJA SONG- Maharashtra Desha ]
[MUSIC - SAHAJA SONG - Maharashtra Desha]
[MUSIC - SAHAJA SONG - Maharashtra Desha ]
[MUSIC - SAHAJA SONG - Saat Janam Jo]
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC - SAHAJA SONG]
[S.Yogi - Presenter - Italian]
[WELCOME APPLAUSE FOR SHRI MATAJI]
SYogi: Please we request all the Sahaja
yogis to go by the outside and
let the local people be inside
[UNCLEAR] receive it.
[S.Yogi - Presenter - Italian]
Shri Mataji: These ladies can come.
Come [UNCLEAR] from here
[S.Yogi - Presenter - Italian]
SYogi: Sahaja yogis, please can sit
in the middle.
All the Sahaja yogis can sit in the middle;
Those who are outside, specially.
You don't need to stand, you can
sit. There is room also here.
SYogi: [Presenter - Italian]
Please don't take pictures during Shri Mataji's
speech. At the end you can do what you like
but not during the speech because
it may disturb the audience.
SYogi: [Presenter - Italian]
Shri Mataji: I bow to all the seekers
of Truth.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: And the time has come for
all of us to find out the Absolute Truth.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: We follow religions like
Christianity, Hinduism, other religions -
so many are there - Sikhism but there
is no binding force on us.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: There is no binding force
that we should be righteous, that we
should be joy ourselves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Anyone can do any sin,
can do any harm.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: For Christ just talked about love.
Shri Mataji: The main point we have missed
in every religion, is very simple.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Every religion has said one thing
common that, "You must seek the Eternal
and live with the transitory in moderation
and [UNCLEAR] limitations."
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Because transitory things
have a built-in capacity to destroy
themselves that's why they are transitory.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: But they are to be used but
in their own limitations.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: That is why when we go to the
extremes, running after transitory things
then, they start destroying us also.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So what should we do,
to be in control of ourselves?
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Because when we say, "I,"
we do not know ourselves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: When I want something,
after sometime I feel, it was wrong.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Sometimes the body wants
something and the brain says, "It's wrong,"
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: or the heart starts fighting
with the brain.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: That means, we are not
integrated beings also.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now supposing, before us a
man has come, who is a fraud,
who is a crook and he says, he's
very great and he's very good.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So now how will you find out?
Shri Mataji: It is impossible to find out because
he may appear to be a very good gentleman.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, we have no means to find out,
what is good and what is bad - to discriminate.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: There is one little thing
that we have to have now within ourselves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You are paying attention to Me but
if I say, pay attention to yourself - you cannot
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: because the One who can
do that, is the Spirit,
within you is the Self, which resides
in your heart.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Once this Spirit comes into
your attention, you know the Absolute
Truth about everything.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: That is, first time you have
your breakthrough into that Subtle power,
which is All-Pervading - the Divine Power.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Everyday we see flowers, then
we see fruits and we see Nature and life.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, who does all these
living miracles?
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: A rose, will give a rose flower.
Shri Mataji: What a discrimination
and understanding!
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: This Power must be somewhere
Shri Mataji: and Hume has said that, "This
is a Collective Consciousness," he said so.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: But in simple words, it is
the All-Pervading Power of God's love.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: It is a subtle Power everywhere
Shri Mataji: and it vibrates.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: And once, somehow, you can
feel it, then it can work through you
and you can maneuver it
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: for which, our Creator has beautifully
made us, as you see that inside ourselves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: This knowledge was known
but was never manifested before.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: As you see the tree, I feel,
all the Western civilization has grown
like a tree outside
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: but we have to have the knowledge
of the roots otherwise this tree will collapse.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So whatever I'm telling you or he has
told you, is the knowledge of the roots that we are.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: And we have to know, if we have to
keep our civilization nourished and prosperous
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: We have seen in the world
now, the crisis of ecology, human crisis,
people fighting among themselves, so many
problems - problems after problems in
modern times
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: because human-being has
become a problem
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and these problems are
created by man, not by God.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So what we have to become,
is a transformed personality.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: What Christ has said,
"You are to be born again,"
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: but that doesn't mean that we can
have a certificate saying, "We are born again."
We cannot have a false certificate
- it has to become.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: It has to happen.
Shri Mataji: If it does not happen within you,
if you do not become, then it is falsehood.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: It is artificial, you put any
brand on you, is artificial.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You call by anything, it is
artificial and then these people,
artificial people, start fighting
among themselves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You see these organizations
- they become, grow big like plastics,
millions and millions and then they
start beating each other.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: They fight for power or fight
for money and all these transitory things.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, there is no emancipation.
Shri Mataji: Christ didn't say that, "You
put a label on your head," that
"We are 'Born again'," but He said, "You have to
be born again," is the actualization, He meant.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, the time has come for
us to be honest about it.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You don't have to believe Me also
when I say that because that would be a blind faith
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: but as scientist you must
keep your mind open and this is like
the hypothesis, I put before you.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Then, if it works, then in
honesty you must know that you have
become a Self-realized person.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: As he has already told you,
that we have got a residual power within
our triangular bone called as sacrum.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: In many people you can see,
the throbbing of this power, when we
try to give them realization
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: when there is obstruction,
in the lower centers, as shown there.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Medically we can say, that all
these centers are connected with our plexuses.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So we have the first one,
is the actually connected with our
pelvic plexus, which is for excretion.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So it is clear now, that
when you get your Self-realization, this
center does not come into play.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, one of the activity of
this center, is a sex activity.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So those people who say, that through
sex you can achieve God, they are all nonsensical.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Of course, the sex is
important and is also transitory
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: but we are not sex points, we
are human beings and we have to become
super human beings.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, there is no prohibition on
sex or anything but what is important is,
that our attention should be for
achieving the Eternal.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: In Sahaja yoga we have many
marriages. This time we had about 75 marriages
and most of them are very successful and we get
very beautiful children out of these marriages.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So what happens is that, this
Kundalini just like a primule in a seed
sprouts with the living process.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: As the seed germinates,
when we put it in the Mother Earth,
this Kundalini also starts rising because
the Mother Earth has got capacity.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So now, all these centers
are connected with different plexuses,
I told you but also with three channels you
see - one on the left, one on the right,
one in the center, are also connected
with our Autonomous Nervous System.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, it's quite a complicated
thing within yourself.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: But when you come in this
hall and you want to put on the light,
you have to just put the switch, one
switch and all the lights are there.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: It's all built-in
Shri Mataji: I don't have to tell you the
whole history of electricity and then the
source of electricity - no, it just works.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, in our evolutionary process, this is
all built-in within us, we don't have to do anything.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So Sahaja means, 'Saha' means
with, 'ja' means born with you, is the power
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and yoga means, union
with the Divine force.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: This method of Sahaja yoga,
enmasse, I discovered about 19 years back
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and it has worked.
Shri Mataji: You'll be happy to know,
that in Sorrento we had so many scientist,
doctors, musicians, artists, educationalist, who
came down here to give a full proof that it works.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: And last time I had visited
Sorrento and I told Vido that this is a
very good place because here it's very
Divine vibrations, people are nice here.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: They are not affected
by negative force much.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now with Sahaja yoga what happens
to you, first of all, when the Kundalini rises,
She nourishes all these subtle centers and by
nourishing them with, your diseases get cured.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now we have many cancer patients,
who have been cured with Sahaja yog.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Specially, blood cancer patients,
who are certified to die, are still existing
after so many years, very nicely.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Many diseases like [UNCLEAR],
which are not curable - where the muscles
start becoming decomposed and dilapidated.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Like Schizophrenia, mental
disorders, also we cured.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So many types of diseases have
been cured by Sahaja yoga but not by Me
but by your own force that is residing
there, that cures you, is your own.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, the physical side is
solved, once for all.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Mentally, you become
very alert and dynamic.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You become very creative
Shri Mataji: because your fourth
dimension is expressed.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: We have some very world famous
musicians, artists, who have been blessed
by Sahaja yoga and suddenly they prosper.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now spiritually many people are
suffering, as well as they are suffering emotionally.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Emotionally they become
very wise and they can face problems
without much difficulty because they
become like witness of a drama.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: For example, when you are in
the water, you are afraid of the waves
but if you get into the boat, you
can enjoy the waves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So the state of your mind, reaches
that height where you becomes a witness
of all this world and you stand on your
axis and the world moves like a wheel.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Normally, we live in the
past or in the future
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and the thought waves start
from this enter another one, another one
comes up - we are jumping on the cusp.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: We are all the time thinking.
Shri Mataji: but with Sahaja yoga, you enter
into the realm of present, between the thought.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: That is the peace within ourselves.
Shri Mataji: Then, if you want to think, you think,
if you don't want to think, you just don't think.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: People start with 'Foundations
of Peace', 'Rock of Peace' and all that
but they have no peace within themselves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, how can they give peace?
Shri Mataji: This peace is within ourselves.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: We are really glorious things
Shri Mataji: Human-beings are created
and they are at the epitome of creation;
They are the highest thing that
God has created.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: But in the darkness of
ignorance, people know each other
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: But then, once you get your
realization, in the light of enlightenment,
you know everyone because you get in yourself
the new awareness of collective consciousness.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You can feel it on your finger-tips, the
All-Pervading Power about which every religion
has talked.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: It is the cool breeze
of the Holy Ghost
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Then these five finger, six and
seven are denoting your centers within yourself.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: And on the right hand side
you feel your physical and your intelligence
or your activity and on the left hand
side, you feel the emotional.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, if you can just know what
is what, you can also know how to cure it
and you can be alright yourself,
you can treat yourself.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So sitting down here, you can
feel the vibrations of anyone you want to know,
whether dead or alive and you can find
out what was his, what is his situation.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Not only that, but you can
also raise the Kundalini of another person
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and you have a right to do that.
Shri Mataji: You can give realization to others,
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: you can cure others
Shri Mataji: but you become yourself a very
beautiful, righteous, loving personality.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: And above all what you get, is joy.
Shri Mataji: The joy is not like happiness
or unhappiness but is singular - joy.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So you just go on swimming
in the ocean of joy all the time
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: There is no time for being
harsh to anyone, no time for being crooked,
no time for being harmful to anyone
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and you are looked after
Shri Mataji: as if, you have entered into
the Kingdom of God, which is very efficient
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and then Virata uses His Being
through you - you are amazed how you are
helped all the time.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: This is what you are. Only
you have to become aware of it.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Like I say, there's a television
and you take in an Indian village and
tell them that, "You can see all kinds of
beautiful dramas in this." They won't believe.
They'll think this is just a, some sort of a box.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: We also think we are
some sort of a box
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: but once you put to the mains,
then you know what glorious thing you are!
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Then you get meaning to your
life and you know why you are on this earth.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: May God bless you all!
Shri Mataji: Now, should we have
some questions from...?
[INTERPRETER]
SYogi: I think, they all want the
experience, Shri Mataji.
Shri Mataji: Annh? (What?)
SYogi:I think, they all want the experience.
Shri Mataji: Oh, alright! That's very
good. That is Sorrento!
[INTERPRETER]
Seeker: [ITALIAN]
SYogi(Presenter): He's asking, it may help
him that we stop thinking and how it happens?
Shri Mataji: It happens because, when the
Kundalini rises, you see, this power passes
through this area, which is the crossing
point of optic chiasma, so what happens,
that your ego and superego are sucked
in, sucked in and because of that
this opening, then there's no thought.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now on this center, you'll
be surprised to know, that it is Christ.
He resides there and that's what He has said that,
"I'm dying for your sins." So no more of your sins
or your karmas are there anymore - finished. Once
He's awakened, He takes away all the problem.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and then you start feeling the cool
breeze coming out of your fontanel bone area.
So, it's the actualization of your baptism - it's
not just somebody putting the hand or a water
but you really feel the cool breeze
out of your own head.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Who's that, he's standing
there, yes please.
[INTERPRETER]
Seeker: [ITALIAN]
SYogi(Presenter): He's say that he, he's
been, he's heard about many spiritual talk
coming from the East and he's very happy and
pleased by Your introduction and he would
like to know, now how this is possible?
How can this dynamic force rise within us?
Shri Mataji: It's a living process, you see, just
like the seed rises, just like the seed comes up.
But be careful with the people, who come
with the Spiritual talks. If they are
interested in your money, then you have
nothing to do with them.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You cannot pay for your Spirit
- God doesn't understand money,
He doesn't understand money.
[INTERPRETER]
Seeker: [ITALIAN]
Shri Mataji: Peace and it generate
happiness to people and it generates that
which changes them, transforms them.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Even a glance of such a
person can be very effective.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Sit down. Sahaja yogi should not ask.
Shri Mataji: Alright? So you all can become that.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Sahaja yogis need not ask,
they can write to Me but the rest of them
can ask Me questions.
Seeker: [ITALIAN]
SYogi(Presenter): They want to know only how
Shri Mataji: Alright, sit down.
[APPLAUSE]
Shri Mataji: We'll work it out. That's a very
good question. Shows you're real seekers.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Alright!
Shri Mataji: Now very simple thing is,
that we have to take the help of all the,
what you can say, the elements and the
first and the best thing is the Mother Earth,
so would be better if you take out our
shoes also, it will relax our feet a little.
So, we have to take out our shoes
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: That's all we have to do.
Shri Mataji: and put them on the
Mother Earth, like this, flat.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Shoes, that's all.
Shri Mataji: It's alright.
It's alright, that will go away, that will
go away. Everything will be alright.
Sit down. It doesn't matter.
That's alright.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Some of the Sahaja yoginis can go
behind and some [UNCLEAR] you must get
up and walk far.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: [UNCLEAR] half of the Sahaja
yogis are [UNCLEAR]
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: [ASIDE] Somebody should
stand up and show them.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Is there a question he has,
this gentleman?
SYogi(Presenter): He said that, they say
there're seats available.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Alright. First I will tell you,
how you yourself can raise your Kundalini.
Very simple, very simple and then we'll
close our eyes and I'll try, that you all
get your realization - alright? So he will
show you what is to be done, first of all.
First of all, you'll have to put the left
hand towards Me because this represents
the power of desire that you want
to have your realization.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Like this,
Like this, like as he's showing there.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now. As he's showing here -
see now. You can turn a bit so that
everyone can see.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Like this
Shri Mataji: With the right hand, now, we'll do
the action of helping our centers to open out.
So the right hand we'll put it first on
the heart - very important.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: If you have a coat, you put inside
little bit. It will be good. Inside the coat little bit.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You can open the button,
would be better, and put the hand
because after all, I'm the Mother,
so there's no formality.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, then you have to take
your right hand in the upper - we work
only on the left hand side - in the upper
part of the abdomen on the left hand side.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: First in the heart, on the heart
because in the heart resides our Spirit.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: But secondly, now we put it
on the center, which gives us the mastery.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: This is created by so many masters,
who came on this earth, great masters.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Like, you can say,
Abraham, Moses and many followed.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Lao-tse - many. So now,
we put our - Socrates, Socrates.
Then we put our right hand on the lower
part of our abdomen, on the left hand
side and press it hard.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: This is the center through
which we work out all the Divine laws.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So, this is the, this is the
center of Pure Knowledge
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and while the Kundalini
is the Power of Pure Desire.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: All other desires are impure
because whatever desires we fulfill,
they are never satiable according to the
Economics. You tell them, they're not rightly so.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Then what we do, is to put our
right hand, upper part of the abdomen again
because Kundalini starts rising.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Then we take this right
hand again on the heart.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now we take this hand in the
corner of your neck and your shoulder,
here and put it down.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Take it from the front,
not from the back side.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and then turn our head to the right
Shri Mataji: This center is the one, which
is caught within us, which is obstructing us
because we feel very guilty.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: At the very outset, I have to
tell you, that God cannot commit mistakes
but we are human-beings and human-beings
must commit mistakes after all.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: What is there to feel so guilty?
Shri Mataji: There's nothing to feel
guilty about anything.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So please, for very outset, I
must say, you should not feel guilty but
you feel happy and know that you are
going to get to your glory.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, you have to raise your
right hand and put it on your forehead
across, with your left hand towards Me,
like this and press it on both the sides.
This is the center, as I told you, of Christ,
which is for forgiveness, forgiving everyone.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now you have to take back
your hand on the back side of your center.
This is the another part of the same
center and put your head on top of that
resting on it and look, close your
eyes and look upward.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Without feeling guilty,
you have to ask for forgiveness.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, you have to spread
your hand, like this
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and the center of your hand
must be put on the soft bone, here,
which was in your childhood called fontanel
bone, press it hard, push back your fingers
and move it slowly, seven times, clockwise.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Bend your head
Shri Mataji: Now. This has to be
done with your right hand
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and left hand, all the time, towards Me.
Shri Mataji: That's all we have to do.
Again we close our eyes now
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and we should not open
our eyes, till I tell you
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: because attention has to go inside.
Shri Mataji: Everyone should do
it to help each other.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now please put your left hand
towards Me throughout, meaning you want
your Self-realization.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Both legs parallel to each
other on the Mother Earth or if you're
sitting, is alright. Take out your shoes.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, after that, also take out
your spectacles, if possible, because this
helps your eye-sight.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: There is something tight,
you can make it little loose here.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You must sit straight but not
with tension and keep your neck straight,
without any tension.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Keep the left hand, all the
time, towards Me.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, let us start. Put your
right hand - close your eyes, all of you
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and put your right hand on your heart.
Shri Mataji: Now here, you ask Me a question,
three times, "Mother, am I the Spirit?"
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: That means the Self.
"Mother, am I the Spirit?"
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You can call Me Shri Mataji
or Mother, whatever you like.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: When you ask this question and
if you are the Spirit, you are also your master.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So now, please take your
right hand on your stomach, on the left
hand side in the upper part.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and now, press it hard.
Shri Mataji: Now here, you ask Me another
question, "Mother, am I my own master?"
Ask this question three times.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Right hand now should be taken in
the lower part of the abdomen and press hard.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Here now, you must know, is
the center of Pure Knowledge, which has to
manifest through your Central Nervous System
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So here, you have to ask for
Pure Knowledge. I cannot force you because
you are free. I do not want to
cut short your freedom.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So here you have to ask,
"Mother, can I have Pure Knowledge?
Shri Mataji: Mother, please give me Pure
Knowledge." Ask this six times because
this center has got six petals.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Six times
Shri Mataji: Now, when you ask for Pure
Knowledge, this residual power of Pure
Desire start rising.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So now, we have to clear
upper centers for it's movement.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So please, put your right hand
now in the upper portion of your abdomen
and press it hard
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and here, you have to say
with full confidence, ten times, that
"Mother, I am my own master."
Say it full confidence to open the center.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now the greatest truth about you is
that, you are not this mind, this intelligence,
this ego, this conditioning but you are
the Self, you are the Spirit.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So you please, raise your
right hand on your heart again and put it
and press it and say it with full confidence,
twelve times, "Mother, I am the Spirit."
Say it twelve times, please.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You have to know that the Divine
Power is the ocean of Grace, blessings and joy
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: but above all, it is
the ocean of forgiveness.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So whatever wrong we have done so
called, can be easily forgiven and dissolved by
that ocean of love.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: So please, forgive yourself
and you have to love yourself.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Not to feel guilty at all.
Shri Mataji: Now with full respect to yourself,
you put your right hand in the corner
of your neck and your shoulder and
put your head towards the right.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Press it hard.
Shri Mataji: And here, you have to say with
full-confidence in yourself, sixteen times,
"Mother, I am not guilty," say it sixteen
times with full confidence in yourself.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Turn your head to your right, please.
Shri Mataji: Now, if you still think that you
are guilty - I'm telling you not to feel guilty
but if you still feel you are guilty then, it is
better to take a punishment and say it 108 times.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: You must be pleasantly placed
towards yourself, you are entering into
the Kingdom of God.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, take your right hand and put
it on your forehead across and press it hard.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Here, you have to say, "Mother,
I forgive everyone," from your heart.
Not how many times but from your heart.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, many people think, it is
difficult to forgive but whether you forgive
or don't forgive, you don't do anything.
It's just a myth but if you don't forgive,
then you play into wrong hands, so say with
full-confidence, "Mother, I forgive everyone."
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now push back your hand and
place it on the back side of your head and
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and look upward, in a way,
but keep your eyes shut.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now here, without feeling
guilty, without counting your mistakes,
just say for your own satisfaction, from
your heart, that, "O Divine, if I have
done any mistakes, please forgive me."
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, spread your hand fully
Shri Mataji: and put the center of your palm, on
top of the soft bone, which you had in childhood.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, push back your fingers
and put down your head, bend your head.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Press it hard and try to move
your hand, seven times, slowly clockwise,
while I request you to say that you want
your Self-realization because I cannot
again cross your freedom, so you
have to say seven times,
"Mother, please give me my realization."
I cannot force you.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: I'll try to blow Pranava into
them, so it will work out.
[SHRI MATAJI BLOWS INTO THE MIC]
Now, please take down your hands.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Open your eyes
Shri Mataji: and put both the hands towards Me
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now, put the right hand
towards Me, like this.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Bend your head and see
if there is a cool breeze
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Some people get it very far, some
people get it near, some might get it hot
[UNCLEAR]
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Some will get it hot, to begin with
Shri Mataji: Now, put the left hand
towards Me.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Again bend your head and
see for yourself. With the right hand.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Now once for all, again put your right
hand towards Me and see with your left hand.
This is for verification.
Now, put both the hands towards the sky
and look like this and ask a question,
"Mother, Is this the cool breeze of the
Holy Ghost?" Ask this question three times.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: "Is this the Power of God's love?"
Shri Mataji: "Is this the Divine Power?"
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Ask this question three times.
Shri Mataji: Now, put down your hands.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: See in your hands,
if you feel the cool breeze
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and see if you have
become thoughtless
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: and relaxed.
Shri Mataji: All those who have felt cool
breeze out of their head or on their hands,
on the finger-tips, please raise your hands.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: The whole of Sorrento is blessed.
Shri Mataji: some of you have not
felt, doesn't matter.
[APPLAUSE]
Shri Mataji: Tomorrow we are having a program
in Naples in the afternoon and I'm sure,
you'll make it convenient to come there
and also you must attend the centers here
so you know how to use this power,
how to grow; They have a course.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: And those who have not felt, also
should not feel disappointed. They'll feel tomorrow.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: Everyone can feel it.
Shri Mataji: Of course, don't
have to pay at all.
[INTERPRETER]
Seeker: [ITALIAN]
SYogi(Presenter): [ITALIAN]
Shri Mataji: And you must master the
Knowledge. You should all become masters.
[INTERPRETER]
Shri Mataji: It is your right.
SYogi(Presenter): [ITALIAN]
Shri Mataji: Of course, please, please
[APPLAUSE]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
SYogi(Presenter): [ITALIAN]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
Shri Mataji: It's there, see now. Now,
are you feeling it now in your head?
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
I hope you come to the center and become
a great sahaja yogi, alright? God's work
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
Yes, you just come to the center. You
will become [UNCLEAR] You master it.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
She's alright. She's got it in her eyes.
Young people must work hard.
It's God's work, alright?
You'll feel all the time. You must come
to the center and have it permanently.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
Yes you should come to the center.
You should take to this. You will
become [UNCLEAR] he was not.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
He was not. And but they cut their tongues
SYogi(Presenter): [ITALIAN]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
She's not felt. You felt the cool breeze?
No because you're here you can do a
lot. Young people have to do it.
You see it is your work. God's work
you have to do it, you see.
Now your painting will take a new design.
Look at his eyes. His eyes are [UNCLEAR]
He will also shine.
Come to the center, alright? You must...
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
Alright?
Good, good.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
Will you come tomorrow to Naples?
But you can see the people ........
they will pick up and drop you.
[SHRI MATAJI TREATING NEW SEEKERS]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
All the time you are afraid. Need not be.
[SHRI MATAJI TREATING NEW SEEKERS]
Hold your breath. Again hold your breath.
Again hold your breath
[SHRI MATAJI TREATING NEW SEEKERS]
Alright?
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
Now you all young people must look after this.
Enjoy, enjoy.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
Are you alright?
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
[BHAJAN]
First you must learn how to protect yourself
and then you can go out [UNCLEAR]
And also My photograph ..... to be on the
safe side so that you are not hurt.
When you become master then you
don't have to [UNCLEAR]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
Tell the Sahaja yogis not to come in
because [UNCLEAR]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
Haan, alright?
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
Told the Sahaja yogis not to come?
SYogi: Yes, I told already.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
Alright? Haan!
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
It's a living process ... but it will work.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
AND TREATING THEM] Too much working?
Forgive
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
AND TREATING THEM] Now look after it.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
How are you doctor? Parasympathetic Nervous
system... You have to become a master of this.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
[BHAJANS]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
AND TREATING THEM] You can work it out...
and tell them you have left side problem.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
AND TREATING THEM] He'll be alright.
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
AND TREATING THEM] You know what yoga is?
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM] Come to the center.
AND TREATING THEM]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
What work you do?
AND TREATING THEM]
[JOGWA BHAJAN]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
[JOGWA BHAJAN]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
[JOGWA BHAJAN]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
[JOGWA BHAJAN]
[SHRI MATAJI MEETING NEW SEEKERS
AND TREATING THEM]
[JOGWA BHAJAN]